[00:00:21] **Dan Maser:** Join us. Oh, perfect.
[00:00:23] **Andrea Zotelli:** It just did.
[00:00:25] **Dan Maser:** Yeah, it does.
[00:00:28] **Dan Maser:** Oh, how's California doing out there, Julia?
[00:00:32] **Julia Pralle:** Oh, the weather is really nice. Nice and sunny. Is there any time you complain about the weather there? Oh yeah, of course. Like when it starts raining.
[00:00:43] **Andrea Zotelli:** Uh oh. Uh. Get the clouds. I thought it was in the summer when it gets like the fire, like those things. Oh yeah, you're right. Like in summer that can be quite tough. Yeah. Yeah. That'll do it. Well,
[00:00:57] **Dan Maser:** I can get us started so that we justum you know, I know it's the end of the day. Well, I just Julia I don't know how late you work on the west coast.
[00:01:05] **Julia Pralle:** But yeah, I feel like oh day, for sure.
[00:01:08] **Dan Maser:** Oh no. Well, just I'll figure and I know you have some stuff to to share Andrea as well. Um. Wanted to just kind of touch base on a few things. Um, first of all, On our end, we've scheduled some usability testing times for um Hannah and Nick for middle of next week. So Wednesday and Thursday. We still have some. We still want to figure out the best way to do that testing. We just wanted to book that on their calendar. Um, in terms of uh Andrea thank you so much for.
[00:01:44] **Dan Maser:** Uh, Giving us those slides ahead of time for the demo? Is, is there a calendar invite for the demo itself?
[00:01:53] **Andrea Zotelli:** No idea yet. They haven't sent yet for the rectifier, right? Yes, exactly. But he said Clifton said he expects to be on Tuesday. Okay, great. And I asked him to record Julia so you can watch this. Yes, please.
[00:02:10] **Dan Maser:** Um, the other thing we had in terms of, Andrea, just following up with you. We saw your post about the request for the Jami access. Yes,
[00:02:23] **Andrea Zotelli:** Because we need to create a service account and the service account is used to work with the REST API. So they are in the process of creation, the account. They already approved but they are like implementing. Nice.
[00:02:42] **Dan Maser:** Um, great. Uh, the other thing I had um just three more things. Um, In terms of while we're on JAMA, our thought and I don't know if we shared this already, but our thought was to have a time to meet with potentially Andre you and Hannah, unless you think there are other people about just the organizational structure of JAMA. Um, specifically kind of as you guys saw the demo, ideally we could make it so that it goes into the correct folder. So I know this is a process and you're not maybe done yet, but we were thinking of, you know, Scheduling a time where we could talk through the folder structure. And if that's locked down or kind of any, however, it is now. If, we could get an understanding of that. So we could try and add that layer of automa automation in there. Does that make sense? And would there be other people that should be on that call?
[00:03:36] **Andrea Zotelli:** Oh, I think for now, me and Hannah, it's okay.
[00:03:39] **Dan Maser:** Okay. And, then we were we were thinking of doing that like maybe later at the end of next week. If that makes sense or yeah. Yeah. Um. And then the only other things from our endum figured, if this hasn't gone anywhere, that's okay, too. But I wanted. To ask Julia if there's any, I know we sent you the screenshot, but for the Wolsey API project, if there's been any movement on that.
[00:04:09] **Julia Pralle:** I'm just looking for it because I have to go to different systems to find it. For theum. uh, I just have it open. For the LOB questionnaire, It looks like they're asking for numbers or'cause should be product delivery, basically is the LOB. Um. But I don't know if you can fill in product delivery, or if you need a number. I might find that if there is one associated with it.
[00:04:41] **Gus Schissler:** Yeah, I'll, I'm not uh connected to the VPN right now, so I can't access WOBI, but I can, I'll double check. Um Have it?
[00:04:49] **Julia Pralle:** There's a department number, oh a line of business number and a department number. That's the one. Okay, I sent it in Slack. Oh sweet thank you So yeah, haven't had a chance to do that yet Thanks.
[00:05:13] **Dan Maser:** All right. So it sounds like oh, sorry. I'm going to open that up.
[00:05:22] **Julia Pralle:** Oh. Okay, yeah, I'll add everything I can find where there is the in the thread that you started somewhere.
[00:05:31] **Gus Schissler:** Yeah, That's it's just a bit of a ways back up. Um I can send you the link to it if you need. I have it.
[00:05:38] **Dan Maser:** Oh cool Okay.
[00:05:48] **Julia Pralle:** Just have to jump around here. Okay, I can also do this offline. Mhm. Yeah, that works. That works.
[00:05:55] **Dan Maser:** I don't find the only Oh, Sorry, And. Then on our end, we just wanted to let you know, along with the usability testing scheduled. And then we rescheduled Brian'sum interview uh with Nate, not even an interview, just a just a talk through Gus is going to create a GitHub repo on our sideum just so that we can. Hopefully, stand up an experience that you guys could also, you know, use and test out. Um, Trying to figure out ideally we can get that before the usability testing too. So that Hannah can we we can have Hannah use it instead of screen sharing or anything like that. I guess I don't know if you want to elaborate on that.
[00:06:36] **Gus Schissler:** Yeah, I was going to actually ask are you? I was thinking instead of, Standing up the that proof of concept that I have working on like a small Vercel application. Um, I was thinking, Do you know if Hannah would be able to if I got her the code to run it locally? Um, It's a pretty small package, and she would just have to clone a GitHub repo and uh stand up npm and basically npm run dev. And then as long as it's connected to Wovey, then it should be.
[00:07:11] **Gus Schissler:** It'll be inside like the VPN and your access. All of your data will be going through Wobi, and like to best of my knowledge, it'll be all like kosher with like a data security perspective.
[00:07:24] **Julia Pralle:** Oh, then we don't have to figure out the access for Wobi.
[00:07:27] **Gus Schissler:** I think well, we'll still need the APIum project so that we canum so I can route it the API requests through Wobi. Um okay. So we'll still need that.
[00:07:42] **Julia Pralle:** Um, But you don't need did access anymore to the requirements.
[00:07:46] **Gus Schissler:** I think we I think we still might. Um, so the the best solution would be if Wovi can access. Um, If we rely on Wovi for the access to everything, instead of running the whatever application or tool we build inside on like someone's MacBook, I think. Mm hmm. So, still all the same requests are still there. But it was just like when we run the usability test, Is it? Are we going to screen share and have Hannah walk through it? Or are we going to set it up so that Hannah can run it on her laptop and kind of experience it firsthand, I guess. Yeah,
[00:08:22] **Julia Pralle:** I think that's yeah. I would ask her how she wants to do it. Okay. She's comfortable doing herself.
[00:08:29] **Dan Maser:** We could also probably pretty easily. I mean, she seems wildly competent, both her and Nick. And I bet even if she isn't massively confident in that, I bet we could do a step- by- step tutorial. Oh,
[00:08:41] **Julia Pralle:** Yeah, yeah. That for sure works. I know Nick is very familiar. That's no problem with Hannah. I'm not sure if she has done any Git work so far and interact with Git so much if she cloned a project, but even that it's like it's very easy, very. Yeah, I'm not concerned. Cool. So,
[00:09:01] **Gus Schissler:** Yeah, We'llum oh probably on Monday I'll send Hannah uh and Nick a message just about like here's what we have planned coming up this week and here's what we're thinking about doing. Um I think we scheduled that for an hour Dan for each one. So we'll have time to get everything set up before we actually walk through it. Um because I think our our demo was only like 20 minutes like of the actual application when we looked through it. So.
[00:09:27] **Dan Maser:** I scheduled the full hour just in case. I don't think it'll take that long, but I'd rather over schedule the time and then yeah, just to reiterate, Really just going through making sure it really is designed for their workflow and also getting their thoughts on like future iterations. Justin didn't show this in his demo because actually I don't know why he took it out. Probably because you were trying to be more realistic, but like UV keys has been. Play ing with little bubbles in terms of like displaying when there's issues with the incoming data, things like that. So we can run a little bit of that as well.
[00:10:05] **Gus Schissler:** Okay, yeah, sure. That part wasn't working super well. I had it like flag if it saw any TBDs or if it was a too prescriptive requirement from TSS four or stuff like that. Things that Hannah and Nick both brought up were, Like, oh, Like how do we how do we even build for this requirement if it's something from an old prescriptive system? So that I think just makes its way into the tags field in Jama. That way, you could even build a dashboard where you can even pivot on the requirements and say, like all of these are TSS four requirements, and they don't. It's it's tough to get them to apply. So okay, stay stay tuned for that. Yeahum.
[00:10:48] **Dan Maser:** That said, I think that's it for our end. Andrea, I know you had some questions. Yeah,
[00:10:53] **Andrea Zotelli:** I have a question. Let me share my screen. I'm going to share the entire screen here. I think this one, right? Do you guys see my screen? Okay. So, because yesterday you were doing the demo, right? And from what I see, It's mostly based like Hannah, she said, we copy and paste stuff and copy pastes stuff from S W R D. But when I wrote some of the requirements that I wrote, I worked from like.
[00:11:33] **Andrea Zotelli:** This I went through all this slide deck here that has a lot of scenarios that I had to write requirements for. And yeah, And then we there was even like some tables with some formulas here that I had to figure out. And write the requirements for those formulas. Number sixty two, where is it? There is one for example. We had a few formulas here. Then I I reviewed the entire deck of the set, and then I wrote the requirements here. It is about 40 requirements, I think, for some are performance, other are functional. But in total. And then I put them in Java. So, they are here today. Most of the requirements I wrote there. They are here we developed from there. So my question is based on the tools that you guys are developing.
[00:12:29] **Andrea Zotelli:** When we have this situation that we have multiple documents, we have to go through a document like this. For example, we have the scenarios there, what's being done. Or sometimes if we can get the code and because we have to figure out what's being what's built together already today, and we want to write the requirements from the code. So will that be possible or can we like make it work? Tools that you are developing.
[00:13:02] **Gus Schissler:** Mhm. Yeah, I think that's, um, From the perspective of like the the problem that you folks have described that the tool should solve, It's definitely like on well I think I would there's not really a roadmap, but I would say it's on the roadmap of right now. We're we're starting with like Hannah's team with a specific set of documents. And, you can imagine that's like a single input going into this system. And we're gonna. We're going to build up the system around okay, Standardizing what the requirements look like and then getting it into JAMA with a specific structure. That's like our first phase, like our pilot, because we want to make sure that that framework works in general. But what I was imagining and I don't know what the rough priorities are for which team or which document types. But then if we start expanding just the kinds of documents that you can feed into this system, like is it a PDF? Is it a slide deck? Is it an image? Like.
[00:13:57] **Gus Schissler:** If, we have structured prompts that are kind of like picking out the different Java fields and whatnot, I don't, I don't see. We'd have to test, and we'd have to tune it, and we'd have to work with it a little bit to make sure that the outputs are consistent. But if it's just a different source of information that's going into that pipeline that we kind of showed yesterday, so um I want to say like definitely on the timeline or the roadmap, but just around like priorities and when we get. When, we can check Hannah's team off and then move on to a new, maybe document source or something like that, it's yeah all about priorities I guess.
[00:14:37] **Dan Maser:** Yeah, the thing I'd add though, Even taking our small slice, though, correct me if I am wrong. But so with this kind of like with this MVP slice, that wouldn't help with that. But what once you had the SWRD, it would still be able to create test cases from that correct Gus. Because it's still yes, it's going to be the same content in that. And so even that slice would help with the test creation. But to Gus's point, that added adds the extra layer of oh, This would be having to take different sources and really needing it to pull into the SWRD itself.
[00:15:10] **Gus Schissler:** Yeah. Did that answer your question, Andrea?
[00:15:16] **Andrea Zotelli:** Yeah, I think so. So and I just wanted to mention that because to make sure that like we have this in mind if we're going to need. This kind of thing not left behind. Yeah,
[00:15:28] **Julia Pralle:** Yeah, I think we we chain at this at the beginning for S W R Ds, in particular, but of course you have to you have many requirements as an intake. It's not only S W R Ds, but we have similar problems basically in the S P R D I've seen as well. I think that's a link one document where we have the scenarios and the criteria as in there as well. So that's that's another intake basically, But then we can go step and step by step and see how we can. Adjust whatever you build in order to, you know, work with all the sources that we might have.
[00:16:01] **Gus Schissler:** Yeah. And that's why I was thinking about those things.
[00:16:04] **Julia Pralle:** Building things in stages, right?
[00:16:09] **Julia Pralle:** Or, Is it a platform that is so adjustable in a way that we can input? No matter what kind of format we get, that we put this into a format that you can consume? That answers some more questions. Maybe it's the beginning, But at least you know, we only have to put it in like one format and then use it as an input.
[00:16:32] **Gus Schissler:** So, we could there are a couple different ways that we could talk about building that. Like, and I think I mentioned yesterday, and Dan's graphic showed like a couple different systems, and each of those systems we can spend more and more time on. So like, This little, This current application that we're building is just that around that system, one like figuring out what the best way to get that into JAMA is, But that system two like the where's the source document coming from and being able to expand on that. Oh yeah.
[00:17:05] **Gus Schissler:** Yeah Pretty much so it's like the that system two, Is right now just focused on S W R Ds. But you could imagine if it like expands to say like oh, add a Google Doc or oh, like addum. Uh, like a GitHub slides presentation, like you were just showing. Um, Or maybe something simple, where you just take a screenshot and drop that in? And along with the requirement prompt and see what happens. So there are there are definitely there are big ways to do it. There are small ways to do it, And I'm sure, we can figure out how to experiment and kind of play with what the inputs are or what the outputs are. Um, so I think just this first this first round um.
[00:17:44] **Gus Schissler:** Is just making sure Hannah's all set and that the destination in Jama is all set, Like the folder structure and the hierarchy and the linking and stuff with the Jama API. And then we can honestly, this guy's the limit in terms of yeah, the different document formats and whatnot. Just as long as we're always going to that one specific framework in Jama to keep everything neat and tidy. Um, If we started building a separate system where we're tracking requirements in a different way, That would be maybe like a different work stream or something like that to tackle. But yeah,
[00:18:19] **Dan Maser:** Yeah. But I would say, too, with even as we scale, it kind of goes back to Gus's thought on when we were having the conversation of do they need to directly copy and paste? Or is there translation not just the English word translation, but translating into the like outside of requirement like outside of automation like automatic gathering is its own problem, but. It's like if you have the documents and we know, oh, as we scale, We want to be able to take PowerPoint slides and other things like, and it can scrape those. Like that's totally doable. It's just kind of figuring out where does that make sense on the scaling slope if that makes yeah.
[00:18:59] **Dan Maser:** Yeah okay nice thank you yeah.
[00:19:06] **Gus Schissler:** Awesome Yeah and depend I guess the, Maybe the magic bullet here is like what OVI can access and what it can understand and whatnot. I haven't researched too much about like Glean has capability wise, because I know Glean is what's connected to your different, like GitHub, not GitHub. It's connected to Google Drive, and so it can reference Google Drive documents and whatnot. So, if it's, If it's able to read things like Google Slides and to translate them into just simple text, Maybe that's something that already exists in your folks'like workflow or pipeline or whatnot. It's just all about like what we spend our our time on and what the highest priority is and how to make sure that we're delivering like smaller increments of value along the way.
[00:19:51] **Julia Pralle:** Yeah, makes sense.
[00:19:53] **Gus Schissler:** But that's I'm I'm excited by that puzzle, Andrea. That sounds like fun. Yeah.
[00:19:59] **Andrea Zotelli:** Me too. We are excited about having these tools. Mhm.
[00:20:06] **Gus Schissler:** Cool. That does bring up one of the last questions I had, which is around, I know we're building some tooling. It'd be nice to like talk with someone at, Woven around like what other tools exist because I want to be mindful, Like as we're building things that we're not like recreating some tooling that already exists. And I've been able to find some stuff, like Woven and Glean, um that connects to different systems and whatnot. But I'm curious if you folks have anyone that I could talk to, that's like a oh, do you have something that's like reading GitHub and posting it somewhere or stuff like that? Um just to make sure we're not like reinventing the wheel or whatnot.
[00:20:56] **Julia Pralle:** I'm not sure I would know to ask. We have a data scientist for our department, but she's way more focused on simulation output with Riz building dashboards. So I'm not sure whether she would have the right.
[00:21:17] **Andrea Zotelli:** So what about NISMOD and what they were developing for Arena?
[00:21:24] **Andrea Zotelli:** Do you think they could help? Or they could know? Because they have some APIs implemented, right, in Java. Right. But from what I know, they do the link between Catia Magic, which is used to write the models and Java. And they also check quality of the requirements. They have a tool to check the quality of the requirement. They have other things they test there, so maybe he could be someone to ask. Yeah, at least on the Java side. Yeah,
[00:22:02] **Julia Pralle:** He's in Japan though. I don't think that yeah. I mean, I don't know what other projects. Willow does our data scientist. Maybe she has more information. I mean, she does know like all the things that you could use. I think you had all the data for him.
[00:22:20] **Andrea Zotelli:** Maybe You just could reach out to her and ask,
[00:22:22] **Julia Pralle:** Right? Maybe. Yeah. I mean, you know, you can ask her and then we see if you get somewhere. Yeah.
[00:22:29] **Dan Maser:** And even if it's like she might know who better to ask, that's totally something that we can I can go ahead and have a call.
[00:22:35] **Julia Pralle:** Uh- huh. Yeah. So this is Willow Let me paste her name in here. Um I paste I will add her to or paste her in our. It's like channel for scientists. Awesome. Cool.
[00:23:02] **Gus Schissler:** Alrighty, um, no meeting Friday tomorrow, yeah? And then you're off next week, Julia, right?
[00:23:09] **Julia Pralle:** No meeting Friday. Yeah. Thank God for that. Yeah so theum.
[00:23:15] **Julia Pralle:** Uh, yeah. Next week I'm off, So I think you guys can decide spontaneously if you want to meet or not. Andrea, you know, you can join then for me. Um, yeah. I think it's up to you guys. You can ask on Slack if you want to have the meeting or not. Thing would still be good to meet. I mean, you also have the the interviews set up anyway. Yeah.
[00:23:37] **Dan Maser:** Cool. Yeah, I think, yeah, we'll work with you, Andrea, and we'll figure out. I mean, at the very least we'll talk to you for the Java presentation meeting. But yeah, I think at least something async, but at least a few times we can do a standup next week. I think that'd be good to kind of keep momentum. You mean Yeah.
[00:23:55] **Julia Pralle:** One more FYI on Rectify because I talked to this is workshop that's going on right now with customer application where we mainly get all the SW orgs from. There's some development of alignment and plans. Andrea, I don't know if you can summarize it before I go on PTO. Let's see. Nick knows about it. Catch Nick. And they are also looking into Rectify. So it seems to be if you want to hop on a Rectify train, might not be a bad idea because other teams will do so.
[00:24:30] **Gus Schissler:** That'd be actually that would be really.
[00:24:33] **Gus Schissler:** Yeah, I definitely want to figure out how to integrate with Rectify, because if they're putting all of their requirements into Rectify, And we can grab them and create new requirements and link them at the same time. So yeah, there's still the we got to figure out around how if. Or how Rectify can even create things in other tools because I think I saw that it doesn't do authorship, it just does linking. Yeah,
[00:25:04] **Julia Pralle:** I have the gut feeling with not having too much knowledge about the tool yet that it will, you know, resolve some pain points that we have, but it will not resolve everything for us. So there's still enough to fill up.
[00:25:20] **Gus Schissler:** Yeah, Well, hopefully, we can figure some of that out next week. And then when you get back, we'll have some. Some info to share. And then I guess I just thought we're doing some like user, uh, testing with, uh, with Nick and with Hannah. Andrea, Do you have time next week where you would also like to maybe use some of the tool? And I know you weren't here for the demo, but um I don't want to be where we're like. Letting other people use the tool, and we're not letting people like interact with it, too and do some testing. And whatnot. So.
[00:25:53] **Andrea Zotelli:** I I do have some time next to week. Sure. Great. We can book.
[00:25:58] **Dan Maser:** Perfect, I can reach out to you and we'll make sure to get something on your calendar Wednesday or Thursday. If that's okay with you?
[00:26:04] **Dan Maser:** It is.
[00:26:04] **Dan Maser:** Mhm- hmm Sweet. Alrighty folks Have a great vacation Julia Thank you,
[00:26:13] **Julia Pralle:** Unfortunately, it's not going to be a real vacation I'm just going to Germany for a funeral Yay But at least I get to see some friends that's good.
[00:26:23] **Dan Maser:** Yeah. Okay, well, I hope the flight is nice and the weather's nice down there.
[00:26:27] **Julia Pralle:** I hope so too. Yeah, I take my girls on my own because my husband is already over there. So that's good news. Yeah. Yes. At least.
[00:26:37] **Andrea Zotelli:** The solo parenting is going to be over, that's the only.
[00:26:40] **Dan Maser:** How long was the flight?
[00:26:41] **Julia Pralle:** It's been. So we have two flights, one is like 11 hours, The other one, just one and a half, but like the whole travel usually is around 17 hours or something.
[00:26:53] **Julia Pralle:** Yeah, So Much fun. Yeah, but yeah, I just and then my whole streak of five weeks of solo parenting is over after that. So yeah, can't wait. Yeah,
[00:27:05] **Dan Maser:** Well, see, that's something to celebrate. At least that's some.
[00:27:08] **Andrea Zotelli:** Yeah. There is always a different vacation.
[00:27:10] **Dan Maser:** Yeah have a great time. Well, have a good time, and we'll see you later.
[00:27:16] **Julia Pralle:** Yeah see you later thanks all right bye- Bye.