**Julia Pralle**: Good morning.
*00:00*

**Justin Teems**: Good morning.
*00:04*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Justin, we should have just had Ama on them.
*00:06*

**Sam Laidlaw**: We should have to just come over here.
*00:08*

**Sam Laidlaw**: We got open seats in the room just down the street.
*00:09*

**Justin Teems**: I wish I could do that today, but um unfortunately I have a couple of other meetings I need to run to after this.
*00:14*

**Justin Teems**: That tracks.
*00:21*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Yeah.
*00:25*

**Sam Laidlaw**: For what it's worth, I'm in the same boat.
*00:25*

**Sam Laidlaw**: I've got to drop right in, but wanted to at least jump in, say hi.
*00:27*

**Sam Laidlaw**: I know Julia, I think this is our first time chatting and meeting as well.
*00:31*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Great to see a name to a face.
*00:35*

**Sam Laidlaw**: I know Justin's kind of talked through some of the project details and mentioned your name, but great to meet you.
*00:36*

**Julia Pralle**: Yeah, nice to meet you too.
*00:43*

**Sam Laidlaw**: I know Casey just sent us a note, Mahana, too, that he is out sick and Dylan had a separate conflict.
*00:45*

**Sam Laidlaw**: So I think this is our motley group today from our end.
*00:51*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Do you want to do some quick intros and then jump right into it?
*00:56*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Yep.
*01:01*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh just let me see if Kevin would be able to join.
*01:01*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Let me ping him.
*01:06*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: One second
*01:07*

**Justin Teems**: Yeah, I think we still need Kevin.
*01:10*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Yeah.
*01:12*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Well, while we wait for Kevin, do we just want to do some intros from us around the room?
*01:25*

**Sam Laidlaw**: By some time.
*01:30*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Cool.
*01:31*

**Sam Laidlaw**: I'll go first.
*01:31*

**Sam Laidlaw**: I think I know most of you.
*01:33*

**Sam Laidlaw**: I'm Stan Ladeloff.
*01:34*

**Sam Laidlaw**: I'm the account manager here at Atomic.
*01:35*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Um you'll see me.
*01:37*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Hey Kevin.
*01:39*

**Justin Teems**: Sorry, it was switching the rims.
*01:40*

**Justin Teems**: Hey Sam, we're I can't uh can anybody else see Sam?
*01:42*

**Justin Teems**: I can barely see him.
*01:45*

**Sam Laidlaw**: There he is above our monitor, so we'll lean in.
*01:49*

**Sam Laidlaw**: I'll say hi.
*01:51*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Okay.
*01:52*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Thank you.
*01:54*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Um Sam Laila, I'm the account manager here at Atomic.
*01:55*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Um you guys are I mean I've been talking with like Kevin, Justin, Muhammad kind of sporadically.
*01:58*

**Sam Laidlaw**: I'll be plugged in kind of on a rolling basis over the next like couple of weeks to just kind of check in with each of you like Julia, Mohammed, Kevin.
*02:03*

**Sam Laidlaw**: see how things are going from your perspective.
*02:13*

**Sam Laidlaw**: So um I'll set up some one-on-one time for us to chat further.
*02:15*

**Sam Laidlaw**: I can kind of explain my role further in that space, but I'm here to just kind of say hey, we'll go around the room real quick.
*02:18*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Rebecca, you want to go next?
*02:24*

**Rebecca Rayford**: Yeah.
*02:25*

**Rebecca Rayford**: Hi I'm Rebecca.
*02:26*

**Rebecca Rayford**: Um I'm a du I'll be the dev on this project uh with Casey.
*02:27*

**Rebecca Rayford**: Um so looking forward to uh working with you.
*02:30*

**Dan Maser**: My name is Dan.
*02:33*

**Dan Maser**: I will be the designer on this project working with Gus on that side of it.
*02:35*

**Dan Maser**: And I will hand it to
*02:39*

**Gus Schissler**: You already introduced me to the.
*02:42*

**Rebecca Rayford**: I know, I know.
*02:43*

**Gus Schissler**: I'm Gus.
*02:44*

**Gus Schissler**: I'm a delivery lead here at Atomic.
*02:45*

**Gus Schissler**: Um I'll be working with Dan um and Dylan, one of our other developers as well.
*02:47*

**Gus Schissler**: Um you can think of a delivery lead kind of as a product manager.
*02:52*

**Gus Schissler**: So
*02:55*

**Gus Schissler**: um whatever that means to you.
*02:56*

**Gus Schissler**: Yeah.
*02:59*

**Gus Schissler**: Interesting.
*03:00*

**Gus Schissler**: Awesome.
*03:00*

**Gus Schissler**: Anything else?
*03:01*

**Gus Schissler**: No, I think that's it.
*03:02*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Okay.
*03:04*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh I can go from my side.
*03:05*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So my name is Mohammed.
*03:07*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: I'm working here with uh Kevin.
*03:08*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: I'm managing the release team.
*03:10*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So I'll be your uh proxy when it comes to any
*03:12*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: thing related to uh all the tools that will be supporting our team and also I'll be the proxy for
*03:18*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Julia uh since I'm I'm in uh Ann Arbor and um all the questions anything related to the uh system
*03:26*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: uh requirements or uh the system tools that you guys will be creating, I'll I'll be here for you
*03:38*

**Julia Pralle**: Awesome.
*03:49*

**Julia Pralle**: I can go next.
*03:49*

**Julia Pralle**: Yeah, I'm Julia.
*03:50*

**Julia Pralle**: Very nice to meet all of you.
*03:52*

**Julia Pralle**: I'm managing the systems VNV team here at Holy.
*03:54*

**Julia Pralle**: I'm located in the Bay Area, so there's a slight time difference when we have meetings.
*03:58*

**Julia Pralle**: And yeah, so we're
*04:04*

**Julia Pralle**: trying to find good solutions now for the problems we have on the requirement side.
*04:06*

**Julia Pralle**: It's a bit messy, but you will often get some help there in terms of tools that make our life a bit easier at the moment.
*04:10*

**Julia Pralle**: We're also doing VNV of course, but we're focusing with this project more on the left-hand side of the V to clean up the design part that we have for requirements.
*04:19*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Hi Brands, my name is Kevin.
*04:32*

**Kevin Zaseck**: I'm uh manager of the Listen Triage team.
*04:34*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Uh really looking forward to have support making our life uh easier uh for our our day-to-day stuff.
*04:36*

**Kevin Zaseck**: So thank you all for jumping in and helping us
*04:42*

**Justin Teems**: Yeah, and my name's Justin, so I'm the lead for product delivery, and these fine folks are gonna help uh solve all of these problems that we have here.
*04:44*

**Justin Teems**: So that they're our experts, they're my experts.
*04:54*

**Justin Teems**: And I uh you know, I I know Atomic well and I'm quite confident that in a few months we're gonna say, this is great, we're way better now.
*04:57*

**Justin Teems**: So that's what I'm looking for first and foremost.
*05:06*

**Justin Teems**: I'm gonna I'm gonna try to roll up my sleeves a couple times and help Julia as much as I can, given my background and expertise in systems engineering.
*05:08*

**Justin Teems**: I think her words were far too kind.
*05:18*

**Justin Teems**: I think it's qu it's it's quite a big mess.
*05:20*

**Justin Teems**: Um and we have we have to find a way to fix it because it's causing a lot of downstream issues.
*05:23*

**Justin Teems**: Um so
*05:28*

**Justin Teems**: We need to make that happen.
*05:30*

**Justin Teems**: Kevin is has you know quite quite a quite a quite a strong number of needs and Kevin and Mohammed will be able to handle that, I'm quite sure.
*05:35*

**Justin Teems**: So
*05:43*

**Justin Teems**: That's that's us.
*05:44*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Love it.
*05:47*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Cool.
*05:48*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Well, I know we get laptops on Monday.
*05:49*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Um, so we're not talking code today necessarily.
*05:52*

**Sam Laidlaw**: But would love to just kind of talk through the project more at a high level.
*05:55*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Like we've got the sal, I know we've got like uh it sounds like Mama, you have kind of an idea on like
*06:00*

**Sam Laidlaw**: what we wanted to walk through here at the epic level, definition of done, all of that good stuff.
*06:05*

**Sam Laidlaw**: So happy to kind of have you guys drive and we'll ask questions, takes notes along the way.
*06:10*

**Justin Teems**: Yeah, sure.
*06:16*

**Justin Teems**: So yeah, before Mohammed can can I'm sorry, I know there's ten items on the list, but I can only stay here for another ten minutes.
*06:17*

**Justin Teems**: Um so can we jump to number ten first
*06:26*

**Justin Teems**: And then I'll get out of your hair and and let you drive the rest of the way.
*06:29*

**Justin Teems**: Is that all right?
*06:32*

**Justin Teems**: Yeah, that's fine.
*06:33*

**Justin Teems**: Okay.
*06:34*

**Justin Teems**: So so we do have these ten items on the list and and the one thing that
*06:34*

**Justin Teems**: I will be focused on and that Julia will be leading is is this I'm I'm c I think of it as a systems engineering workbench.
*06:38*

**Justin Teems**: Um we have
*06:46*

**Justin Teems**: This very interesting culture where there's code happening and there's asynchronous design artifacts and trade-offs being made all the time in in many different forums.
*06:48*

**Justin Teems**: it's very, very difficult to lock down what it is we have.
*07:00*

**Justin Teems**: Um and so recognizing those cultural limitations for what they are
*07:05*

**Justin Teems**: I want to shift our systems engineering world in into something that is more synchronized and almost almost done in a continuous integration-like way.
*07:10*

**Justin Teems**: um that we can have, you know, this little army of AI agents out there helping Julia create the necessary artifacts.
*07:21*

**Justin Teems**: identifying gaps, identifying inconsistencies, and helping to drive better testing methods.
*07:31*

**Justin Teems**: Because without require I'm a firm believer that without requirements written down, you don't know what you're testing against.
*07:37*

**Justin Teems**: And that is that is a gap we really need to close.
*07:45*

**Justin Teems**: I recognize it's a pilot.
*07:49*

**Justin Teems**: I recognize it's maybe a bit of a crazy idea.
*07:50*

**Justin Teems**: Um, but I'm willing to give it a shot and seeing if we can come up with with a small piece of scope that might work.
*07:54*

**Justin Teems**: Um and I'll let Julia drive what that what that looks like.
*08:01*

**Justin Teems**: But that's what I'm hoping for.
*08:04*

**Justin Teems**: I don't I don't expect us to bite
*08:05*

**Justin Teems**: off the whole apple at once.
*08:07*

**Justin Teems**: Um but I'm looking for something that in you know a s short period of time
*08:09*

**Justin Teems**: is we that we can point to and say this has legs, this has promise, and can really help us if we keep and if we continue to build this out.
*08:15*

**Justin Teems**: But we need something that's real.
*08:25*

**Justin Teems**: So that's what I'm hop that's what I ask that's really what I hope we can get to.
*08:28*

**Julia Pralle**: Yeah, well you can also start filling in in the sense of um thinking about like what kind of concrete pilot projects you can do
*08:36*

**Julia Pralle**: Um, I think there are two main issues that we have is one part is the requirement side itself.
*08:45*

**Julia Pralle**: We do have a ton of requirements uh coming from our customer basically and also fed through another team within Rubin.
*08:51*

**Julia Pralle**: Um these requirements are written all over the place.
*08:59*

**Julia Pralle**: So some are in Java, some are in document, some are on Git, some are in Confluence, then all different places.
*09:03*

**Julia Pralle**: And we will not
*09:10*

**Julia Pralle**: get alignment on all putting them in one tool uh like JAMA to have uh a better change management process and version control
*09:11*

**Julia Pralle**: 'Cause for us it's very hard.
*09:21*

**Julia Pralle**: We get these requirements and we have to deliver some test cases.
*09:23*

**Julia Pralle**: But if things change on the other side, we don't get notified about it, we don't know anything about it.
*09:27*

**Julia Pralle**: if we don't have a clear process of um reviewing these requirements, approving them.
*09:32*

**Julia Pralle**: And it's as I said, like the sources are all over the place.
*09:38*

**Julia Pralle**: So the first idea would be that we can bring everything that's together on the requirement side on documentation and also they have all different structures and formats.
*09:42*

**Julia Pralle**: um and somehow bring everything together in one tool, ideally JAMA, that pulls in the information from all these kind of sources and makes it dynamic.
*09:52*

**Julia Pralle**: So anytime it something changes over there on the on the actual source.
*10:02*

**Julia Pralle**: We need to know about it and it needs to be updated in JAMA as well so that we make sure we always have the knowledge about the latest requirement actually.
*10:07*

**Julia Pralle**: That is one part of the picture
*10:16*

**Julia Pralle**: And covered in Epic Task 1, I think.
*10:19*

**Julia Pralle**: Um and then the other aspect is
*10:24*

**Julia Pralle**: Uh so this is the whole requirement side that we really don't know how to deal with at the moment.
*10:27*

**Julia Pralle**: And then we build code all of the time.
*10:31*

**Julia Pralle**: We're trying to do what we think is right.
*10:34*

**Julia Pralle**: Um
*10:36*

**Julia Pralle**: So we have a lot of source code already.
*10:37*

**Julia Pralle**: And then there's the high-level idea of could we use what we have and uh make this a bit more digestible in terms of we could start with in architecture
*10:40*

**Julia Pralle**: view of what how does our stack actually look like within our box basically.
*10:49*

**Julia Pralle**: What kind of nodes do we have?
*10:56*

**Julia Pralle**: How are they connected?
*10:57*

**Julia Pralle**: Building an architecture.
*10:58*

**Julia Pralle**: based on the co source code basically and then seeing if that can also be dynamic.
*11:00*

**Julia Pralle**: So anytime something changes, we need to know about it and ideally even know about it in the sense of IC um CI knowing
*11:05*

**Julia Pralle**: You know, if there's a PR that would influence uh the or would change the architecture in any way, we should know about it.
*11:13*

**Julia Pralle**: Um, and that should be triggered dynamically.
*11:20*

**Julia Pralle**: So I think this goes more into like also
*11:23*

**Julia Pralle**: the the testing side, but for my team as well, also on requirement side, we now are asked to on this whole you know mess of requirements to even derive these requirements down into lower level requirements, but we don't even have an architecture.
*11:25*

**Julia Pralle**: So that's the other part of the picture.
*11:40*

**Julia Pralle**: So architecture, maybe building it from the source code that we have, and then cleaning up the requirements, bringing them all together in one tool for us that we can dynamically use, basically.
*11:42*

**Justin Teems**: Yeah, and I and I would say the one thing that is within our control is to improve our processes around where the documentation is kept and the formats and and things like that.
*11:55*

**Justin Teems**: And so
*12:04*

**Justin Teems**: As we put this tool together, I'm hoping it can identify some key gaps that we can start to enforce from a process side as well and get better in that way.
*12:06*

**Justin Teems**: So
*12:16*

**Justin Teems**: If we find that we maybe can't do something because of the way things are are, and it leads to a process or an organizational improvement in some way, then that would be fine too.
*12:17*

**Justin Teems**: So
*12:28*

**Justin Teems**: And and while something fully automated end-to-end is perhaps the dream, I think there are steps along the way that include just
*12:29*

**Justin Teems**: notifying ju people on Julia's team that this thing changed and allowing them to analyze it with their their brains.
*12:37*

**Justin Teems**: It doesn't have to be all agentic or all automated.
*12:44*

**Justin Teems**: We have pe we i I think it's totally okay to have people in the loop.
*12:48*

**Justin Teems**: um as steps along the way and and places that we can you know automate later um we we're gonna have to prioritize as we go kind of on this learning journey together
*12:51*

**Justin Teems**: Okay.
*13:03*

**Justin Teems**: I wanna I I wanna give Kevin and Mohammed a lot of time because they have nine things that they probably want to talk about.
*13:04*

**Justin Teems**: So I'm gonna get out of your hair.
*13:10*

**Justin Teems**: Um
*13:12*

**Justin Teems**: Julia, you and I should talk more and figure out how I can be engaged in the right way that works for you.
*13:13*

**Justin Teems**: So Sam and company at AO, thank you.
*13:19*

**Justin Teems**: We're looking forward to working with you.
*13:22*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Likewise.
*13:24*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Thanks, Justin.
*13:24*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Okay.
*13:26*

**Justin Teems**: Thanks, guys.
*13:26*

**Justin Teems**: Okay.
*13:31*

**Kevin Zaseck**: So um real real quick.
*13:32*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Um Mohammed, uh may maybe this is jumping the gum in a little bit.
*13:35*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Uh I do have to leave in uh uh uh 15 minutes or so.
*13:39*

**Kevin Zaseck**: But uh Mohammed and Julia, did you talk about how we would manage these efforts together?
*13:42*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Like are we gonna have a a shared
*13:51*

**Kevin Zaseck**: sprint structure or a shared meaning where we kind of look at these together or these two separate things, the 10 versus 1 through 9.
*13:54*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Um what's what's our how are we gonna work with with atomic on this?
*14:02*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So Kevin, every every open here is going to be an epic.
*14:06*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Right.
*14:10*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: That we'll work on.
*14:11*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Similarly for our tooling part, every item is going to be an epic on its own.
*14:12*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh that uh we will have
*14:18*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And maybe this is for you folks as well.
*14:21*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We're gonna have daily stand-ups to go through all the issues and all the sprints within the epics.
*14:25*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So this is how I see it.
*14:34*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Let me know if you feel that we can Okay, so so more or less we're gonna stand up a shared sort of sprint structure with the atomic object team
*14:36*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Yeah.
*14:47*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Where we'll do whatever regular agile sort of uh processes that we would normally do, sprints, planning, prioritization, stand-ups, just to make sure.
*14:47*

**Kevin Zaseck**: But we'll the whole team will work together.
*14:58*

**Kevin Zaseck**: It's not two separate sprint teams.
*14:59*

**Kevin Zaseck**: the whole team will work together and then we'll we'll deconflict and and uh support those two efforts through the same
*15:01*

**Kevin Zaseck**: structure uh and and just allow time to discuss well.
*15:10*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Okay, thank you.
*15:14*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh so just to continue quickly what what's uh what Justin's uh uh was talking about here.
*15:18*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um so
*15:27*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We're expecting at the beginning for the system requirement tool or system requirement process, whatever you want to call it, is that we can do this in a phased way.
*15:29*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We can just
*15:38*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: At the beginning we can get like a mock-up that show capability of generating you know the requirements, the high-level requirements, and then maybe we can show also the architecture after that
*15:40*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And the um second phase is that we can
*15:53*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: show traceability between our testing and those requirements.
*16:01*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So if if you
*16:08*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Guys can visualize with me like the the V model, right?
*16:10*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So first left hand side we can show that we can generate requirements on the left hand side
*16:14*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And then next phase we can show choiceability between the right hand side and the left hand side of the V model.
*16:20*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Right?
*16:28*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Then the next uh phase, which is phase three, we can
*16:29*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: demonstrate that um um we can scale this up not just to uh not just to a mock-up and we can take a bigger bite uh of the app
*16:35*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: All right.
*16:48*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um so this is this is again from a very high level.
*16:49*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: I'm sure when we go down to the details and breaking down uh those epics into uh
*16:53*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: uh sprints there will be a lot of discussion here on on the capabilities uh that we can do here.
*17:01*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Maybe something guys just want to double check.
*17:12*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Do we have an NDA?
*17:15*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Yeah, we have an NDA.
*17:19*

**Sam Laidlaw**: So we've got all that covered since we've got the separate project rolling with just or uh Travis team.
*17:20*

**Sam Laidlaw**: So everything will go into that MSA with that NPA.
*17:25*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Yeah, because um you need for sure uh access to a lot of our uh
*17:29*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: repos here, get our get repos, so we have exposure to a lot of our legacy code and we're just on making sure that you know
*17:35*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Yeah.
*17:43*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So yeah, Julia, do you want to add anything before jumping into the tooling part?
*17:51*

**Julia Pralle**: Uh no, I think that sums it up.
*17:56*

**Julia Pralle**: I might have to shift around the wording a bit, but I'm also working tomorrow.
*17:59*

**Julia Pralle**: I want to take some time to make sure I have like
*18:04*

**Julia Pralle**: all the input ready for you guys to start, uh been a bit more concrete on the sources.
*18:06*

**Julia Pralle**: So I have an example for every source basically
*18:11*

**Julia Pralle**: Um we might run into some access issues there as well, because as I said, they're coming from many different teams within, you know, Toyota and also
*18:14*

**Julia Pralle**: uh Japan side from Wovun Baitiora, um so there are some excess issues, but maybe at the beginning, but we figure that out.
*18:24*

**Julia Pralle**: I think
*18:31*

**Julia Pralle**: Uh Kevin for the access to GitHub.
*18:32*

**Julia Pralle**: This is Brian, I guess, we can ask, right, to provide access or is this something that's been panned on our site already?
*18:35*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: I I am planning to use the um so we have an onboarding document.
*18:43*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um
*18:49*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: That there is an access uh like there's a process to follow to get the access.
*18:50*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Every repo.
*18:55*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um someone from Brian's team might be involved, yes.
*18:56*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh
*19:00*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So yes, you're right.
*19:01*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: But uh yeah, we have uh some steps we can share with the AO team and that they can follow
*19:03*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Yeah.
*19:09*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Okay.
*19:10*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Yeah.
*19:10*

**Sam Laidlaw**: To to the earlier point, like Matt and Sam, who are other atomic object folks who are working with Travis, like they've gone through the setup phases.
*19:11*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: as well and they all say like I hate using the word but there's a lot of synergy of like where we've kind of done setup as well.
*19:19*

**Sam Laidlaw**: So I think it's really just a matter of like access quick
*19:28*

**Sam Laidlaw**: And to the point of like, I know this contract is set to like end March 31st, just to like have and I know that was lined up for more like fiscal year considerations
*19:31*

**Sam Laidlaw**: We typically operate on budget burn for the PO.
*19:41*

**Sam Laidlaw**: So like we consider ourselves done when we're out of money, not when we get a date.
*19:45*

**Sam Laidlaw**: So if we're burning faster or slower.
*19:49*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Great, we'll check in on that.
*19:52*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Ultimately we want to make sure that we're successful on the outcomes here.
*19:53*

**Sam Laidlaw**: And so one of the things that like Bahavi, Julia, Kevin, like we'll talk about separately is like what how are we progressing to this scope do we need to
*19:57*

**Sam Laidlaw**: need to shift the date out do we need to change like add more money to take away money whatever that looks like my role will be making sure that like we're all on the same page of what that looks like
*20:05*

**Sam Laidlaw**: like because I know there's a lot of scope here and a tight window, but we want to make sure that we optimize for the PO that we set up and success with these outcomes.
*20:14*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Good.
*20:27*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Okay, let's jump to
*20:28*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: the tooling requirements.
*20:32*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We are a lot of uh ask here so I just want to make sure that we have enough time to go through it.
*20:34*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Let's see
*20:42*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Okay, so me and Kevin we try to set some priorities for the tools here.
*20:44*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We have uh uh big ask, but
*20:50*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Again, assume that this is like our highest priority and at the bottom here our lowest priority for the tools, right?
*20:54*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So our very first tool is a bisect tool.
*21:02*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So basically we get uh into a situation where we have
*21:06*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: a failure in one of our uh legacy tests that we perform, uh two tests.
*21:12*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: One's called all R, another test uh is a simulation test
*21:18*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And whenever we get that failure, we try to go back in time and check which offending commit caused that.
*21:22*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: In order to do that
*21:31*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: The process right now is very manual.
*21:33*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We try to re-execute that or it's it's not completely manual, but at least the triggering part.
*21:36*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We triggered the sim test or the OR test for um
*21:42*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: uh uh a previous commit and keep doing that till we find the offending commit that broke uh our system
*21:47*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So this is something that we need some uh automated tool to do that instead of us.
*21:55*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um there is some
*22:05*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Details here in minutia.
*22:08*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Here we will have a lot of uh interaction with the guys who are running the old R and SIM test.
*22:10*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So um so just uh just a heads up that um there is some uh
*22:16*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: caveats here on how we can run this.
*22:23*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Okay.
*22:26*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh any questions about this one
*22:28*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And again, this is from a very high level that's going to turn into an epic and it's gonna have its own, you know, like sprint.
*22:33*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Yeah, well I I just a couple of add-ons to this one.
*22:39*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Like
*22:43*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Uh Mohammed said there's a number of different infrastructures and tools that this would need to touch and interact with.
*22:44*

**Kevin Zaseck**: So it means getting you uh in
*22:51*

**Kevin Zaseck**: discussing with different people on different teams and we help guide that, but also means accessing infra that the other applied sorry the other atomic object team hasn't actually been given access to.
*22:54*

**Kevin Zaseck**: So there's going to be new infra to interact with here.
*23:05*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Um and it's gonna take a little bit of integration into our system.
*23:08*

**Kevin Zaseck**: So I think that integration is a big challenge for this particular project and making sure that the architecture design decisions make sense.
*23:12*

**Kevin Zaseck**: And it's gonna there's a lot of different test infrastructure, so I don't know if it's a different tool for each test infrastructure or how we wrap each of those individual
*23:18*

**Kevin Zaseck**: e queries or APIs in in this overall whatever we do, whether it's a CLI or a webhook or I I don't know why we want to uh attack this.
*23:26*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Um the other challenge that I think is is worth noting is that
*23:33*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Some tests have a clear binary pass fail, and that's maybe easy to bisect around, but we might need this to be a bit more extensible to help us understand
*23:39*

**Kevin Zaseck**: trends because some of the outputs of some of these sim tests are are like lane bias, for example.
*23:49*

**Kevin Zaseck**: And there isn't a clear definition of failure for lane bias, but we might like it we we see that if the lane bias has moved from so many centimeters to so many centimeters
*23:54*

**Kevin Zaseck**: what can make cause that lane bias change in these in these sets of tests.
*24:02*

**Kevin Zaseck**: So it's not just necessarily even one test that we want to run.
*24:07*

**Kevin Zaseck**: It's a set of tests and maybe an average over those set of tests.
*24:09*

**Kevin Zaseck**: How do we set the like it might be a tool to set a threshold on a particular message from that test?
*24:12*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Like say it extract this lane bias, bisect around.
*24:17*

**Kevin Zaseck**: lane bias moving across this threshold or maybe just run all the tests and give us a a a a trend.
*24:21*

**Kevin Zaseck**: I don't know what the right solution is here.
*24:26*

**Kevin Zaseck**: But it's it's not necessarily going to be a binary uh output that we would want to test around maybe the first
*24:28*

**Kevin Zaseck**: The MVP needs to be that binary and therefore we it's limited functionality, but this is potentially a pretty extensive and difficult
*24:35*

**Kevin Zaseck**: tool to build based on the the types of infrastructure that we need in your act.
*24:43*

**Kevin Zaseck**: So so that's the the main comment that this is going to be really valuable if we can get working.
*24:47*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Yeah jump in.
*24:51*

**Gus Schissler**: Yeah.
*24:52*

**Gus Schissler**: I I think folks are mentioning that like
*24:53*

**Gus Schissler**: With the previous atomic routine, we've hopped around two different uh different like areas within your infrastructure already.
*24:55*

**Gus Schissler**: Do you folks have other tooling that you've implemented in the past?
*25:04*

**Gus Schissler**: task that does have like access to pretty much everything you could possibly access, or would this be like addition like an additional frontier where we're kind of exploring how how would a single tool
*25:07*

**Gus Schissler**: integrate with all of these different pieces of infrastructure.
*25:19*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Uh I'm not sure how to answer that.
*25:24*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Maybe a tool has done that before.
*25:27*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Like our CI, our our our our GitHub does
*25:29*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Interact with most of these different workflows and tools at some level.
*25:33*

**Kevin Zaseck**: I don't know if it's tied together quite in the way that you're mentioning it through one, but our GitHub actions and our CI infrastructure does interact with each of these.
*25:36*

**Rebecca Rayford**: But it might be in different ways.
*25:45*

**Kevin Zaseck**: In particular, this bisect all right.
*25:46*

**Kevin Zaseck**: We have a lot of different simulators, but one particular simulator here is the SV2.
*25:48*

**Kevin Zaseck**: I don't remember what it stands for.
*25:53*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Let's not worry about it right now.
*25:54*

**Kevin Zaseck**: But our SV2 simulator
*25:55*

**Kevin Zaseck**: is right now the way that our GitHub really interacts with it is through an API that it it queries and executes, I believe.
*25:57*

**Kevin Zaseck**: I think that's the way an extra day
*26:07*

**Kevin Zaseck**: And the team is working on actually wrapping it around some like Python script so that we can run locally and embed in in different environments.
*26:08*

**Kevin Zaseck**: There there might be different ways.
*26:16*

**Kevin Zaseck**: to do this based on the specific tool, but they're all right now wrapped in the I think GitHub actions, so we can take some of those um
*26:18*

**Kevin Zaseck**: uh execution structures and and play with those, but it might be that we need to redesign and get in the simulator or make a request to the simulation team to add a new hook.
*26:29*

**Kevin Zaseck**: or or help them finish this what they're calling Pythonic uh this this Python wrapper that they're gonna use to be able to run and build in a more containerized way.
*26:38*

**Kevin Zaseck**: So maybe it's going working with them and helping them finish this
*26:48*

**Kevin Zaseck**: this Pythonic thing instead of going through the API, which is a bit limited in terms of what we can do.
*26:51*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Anyway.
*26:55*

**Kevin Zaseck**: So yes, it's sort of there, but I think there's opportunities to build more functionality or integrate it.
*26:56*

**Kevin Zaseck**: So it's not going to be just a
*27:01*

**Kevin Zaseck**: you know, grab something and run with what's exist there.
*27:03*

**Kevin Zaseck**: I think there's gonna be needed to be some new design on our texture port.
*27:05*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Okay, yeah, no worries.
*27:09*

**Sam Laidlaw**: I'm gonna jump in real quick.
*27:11*

**Sam Laidlaw**: I've gotta run.
*27:12*

**Sam Laidlaw**: You guys are in great hands with the team here.
*27:13*

**Sam Laidlaw**: We're slowly getting picked off like flies, but this is like this is a great setup.
*27:15*

**Sam Laidlaw**: I'm assuming Muhammad, are you able to share this just
*27:19*

**Sam Laidlaw**: over email so the team can start digesting this uh after home.
*27:22*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Awesome.
*27:26*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Yep.
*27:27*

**Sam Laidlaw**: All right.
*27:27*

**Sam Laidlaw**: Thanks all.
*27:28*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Thank you.
*27:29*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Do y'all have never mind, you probably haven't been onboarded with uh email addresses yet yet.
*27:31*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Accounts.
*27:38*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Do you all have accounts?
*27:38*

**Kevin Zaseck**: Try to get laptop first and maybe we start getting those set up if we're able to probably share like once we have accounts we can just share the actual Google Doc and interact with it together, but I guess we'll just have to
*27:40*

**Kevin Zaseck**: make a PDF out of this page and send it to you or s or or or something like that.
*27:51*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Yeah.
*27:55*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: I I got the email for their accounts, but yeah, you're right.
*27:56*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: As soon as they get their laptops on Monday, they will I'll share that with them.
*27:59*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um second tool here is uh a dashboard for the sim
*28:05*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: uh releases.
*28:13*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So basically we have one person that is keeping track of all the
*28:14*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um uh whenever we run a sim job, uh it's a it's a kind of a costly job.
*28:21*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh it it takes a lot of input, right?
*28:28*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And then there's an output with the
*28:31*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Shah that was used and also with um we have um uh uh different
*28:33*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: um different uh repo's involved and into into running this so like connecting all the shots together um we have one person keeping track of all of that in one big excel sheet right
*28:41*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And it's a very manual process and would like to kind of automate this a little bit.
*28:54*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And instead of having one person doing that
*29:00*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Manually we would like to have this in an automated dashboard that keeps track of every sim run that we do for uh releases.
*29:04*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: that connects all the docs.
*29:13*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: It's a record big mainly of what got uh uh uh what commits got used into that uh run
*29:14*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: uh what was the output, uh what shores were used at that time, the version of the simulator, the version of the perception model that we use.
*29:23*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: It's just a record.
*29:33*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We need to have this in a an
*29:34*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: clean uh dashboard instead of doing this in a sheet.
*29:37*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um
*29:43*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So this is the second tool.
*29:45*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We're gonna of course talk with the person doing this a lot to be able to do this.
*29:51*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: His name is Flynn.
*29:57*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh and the dashboards are we have two people, Willow and Dewey, who can give us some pointers on what we can do there.
*29:59*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Next tool we have uh something uh that we run is called the OR test
*30:10*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh so the OLR test um again we need and some automation uh around it to be able to um
*30:18*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: I get some sense of grading right uh to um the runs that we do.
*30:29*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We get different um
*30:35*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Let's say execution uh metrics coming from all R, and we want to be able to grade this.
*30:39*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Are we improving?
*30:45*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Are we regressing when it comes to uh the all R results
*30:46*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um this is something that uh I think it might be easier to implement than the the last two points.
*30:51*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Since we have all the inputs and outputs there, but we're not just able to get enough time to streamline the process and put it in uh um
*31:01*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: In in an automated tool that kind of generates uh those metrics and sends the results uh uh maybe over Slack.
*31:13*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: and put it in a ticket in Jira somehow.
*31:24*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Okay, so I think this one is kind of we we we have a good idea on where to begin and where to end.
*31:27*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh any questions so far?
*31:35*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Okay.
*31:39*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh this one is very similar to the previous point, right?
*31:40*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: But we're
*31:45*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We're saying that we need uh a grading uh script for another two uh tests.
*31:46*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So the sim uh runs that we talked about in point two
*31:53*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: we if we reach that good situation where we have a dashboard we would like also to do like a grading uh script to show if we're improving or regressing right
*31:58*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And also we have uh WCET as another form of test.
*32:10*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: It's uh worst case estimator, I think.
*32:15*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh it's shows for that.
*32:18*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um it's again similar to the same thing we have for every uh test that we execute uh for the release we have
*32:20*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Some metrics called the WCET, right?
*32:29*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: It's basically it checks uh the budget for uh our processes and tasks for the software, for the autonomy software.
*32:32*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And it kind of gives us if we are running over that budget for the processes and tasks or are we in a good shape
*32:42*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We just need to also show some metrics if we are improving, regressing, right, when it comes to the ORSC estimators.
*32:51*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um yeah, this one um
*33:06*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Might be uh a bit tricky.
*33:13*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So uh we have two kinds of tickets.
*33:15*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: I know there's a lot of acronyms here and woven, so
*33:18*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Bear with me a little bit.
*33:21*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Well for sure we'll give you all the details uh on uh on those acronyms.
*33:23*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So we have two kinds of tickets.
*33:29*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We have OEDD and OEDDs
*33:32*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um forgot actually what's what the short four.
*33:35*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: One is uh virtual uh tickets and the other one is actual uh um
*33:40*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Tickets or actual issues detected from uh the vehicle testing.
*33:47*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So this one is detected directly from vehicle testing.
*33:52*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: This one is detect detected from our
*33:56*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: uh virtual simulators so that's why it's called OEDDs.
*33:59*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um we don't have a centralized way of creating those tickets.
*34:03*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We have some scripts
*34:08*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: that whenever we ingest a log from our vehicle, right?
*34:10*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh the uh it that script creates all the
*34:16*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: um uh tickets uh for the failures that were detected from the logs, right?
*34:20*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um we do it
*34:26*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: one way for OEDDs but we do it completely different in a different way for OEVDs and we'd like to centralize how we create those tickets so we can link those tickets so
*34:28*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: were able to link a virtual uh bug right to an actual bug that was captured in the vehicle
*34:42*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: You have no way of doing that at the moment.
*34:51*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: It's like it's completely manual.
*34:54*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Someone will have to go and check what this
*34:56*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: uh what this ticket is and check compare that to the logs and see if it's relevant or not so they can link those tickets together or not
*35:00*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So um we have the Triaging team responsible for doing that.
*35:11*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So I think you um you might interact with the folks who are working with Travis a little bit.
*35:18*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: to understand how we're doing this and um uh yeah try to work on on that tool.
*35:25*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Again this is very similar to the last point.
*35:39*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Mosaic is our tool that we use
*35:42*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: to uh run simulation uh or run any of our uh emulation logs right um and we would like to see that we can um
*35:45*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh generate an OED for simulation if we're confident that one of the uh O V Ds
*35:57*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Here, like the virtual tickets can be linked to an actual ticket, we can generate the OED directly from that tool.
*36:05*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: It's it's those two points I think are very
*36:12*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: uh um linked to each other we can like combine them in one one uh in one point but it's very similar
*36:16*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: This is again also similar to the previous two points.
*36:29*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We want to have a tool that detects all the duplicate tickets.
*36:33*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: right we will have a bunch of tickets coming from vehicle and a bunch of tickets coming from our digital uh uh validation hub
*36:38*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And we wanna see a way that we can eliminate we sometimes we get thousands of tickets, right?
*36:47*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We want to see a way to uh cross-reference those tickets together and eliminate any duplicates
*36:54*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Okay, uh this would make uh the the triage team very happy because they have to go through a lot of tickets and it goes
*37:03*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: uh down to the uh experience of the triage engineer who knows that who can link or and say that oh I know I remember this ticket from last time yeah this is a ticket right
*37:14*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So this is another tool.
*37:28*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um what else here?
*37:32*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um
*37:37*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Yeah, um this is um another tool that um can support uh closing the bugs, right?
*37:41*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um
*37:52*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We we face the situation where we uh close a bug and realize later that the issue wasn't really fixed.
*37:54*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Right.
*38:05*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We reopen the bug later on after a few days or few releases and it's kind of like um uh the bug uh re-emerged to me
*38:06*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So we need a tool to make sure that all the checks, right, were done before closing that ticket.
*38:18*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um slack integration.
*38:30*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um
*38:35*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Yeah, this is uh it's it's it's uh a bit of a broad topic.
*38:37*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We have a lot of discussions happening on Slack, right?
*38:45*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: um so we um we discuss a lot of points uh on um on slack regarding one ticket right and we wanna have a way to streamline those discussions
*38:49*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: and feed feed it back into the ticket, right?
*39:03*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um sometimes you will see
*39:08*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: In our tickets, uh someone sent putting a link from a discussion in Slack, right?
*39:12*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And that's not really a clean way of doing things.
*39:20*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Right.
*39:23*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So I I would say
*39:24*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And again, this is my understanding.
*39:27*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Maybe Kevin might have a different understanding, is that we should have a way to summarize some of those discussions and feeding that automatically into the tickets by putting maybe on Slack.
*39:28*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Hashtag link for the ticket and then it will take automatically summary of the discussion of a thread and Slack and put it into that ticket
*39:42*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We don't have uh an agreement yet between me and Kevin on what is the best way of doing this.
*39:55*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So I think this is something that we'll have to figure out later.
*40:02*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: But the idea is to link Jira and Slack and prepare a tool that can summarize conversations between Slack and Jira and vice versa.
*40:06*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Okay.
*40:21*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um report automation.
*40:22*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So
*40:28*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: The next two points here, we have some momentum behind those two points from um the release team, my team.
*40:28*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Basically, we have a report that we prepare every uh week.
*40:38*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh that report is very manual.
*40:43*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: uh we were able to automate some parts of it and we'd like to uh reach a point where we uh automate 100% of that report.
*40:46*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We have some progress there.
*40:59*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So I think it really depends on uh if we uh that's why I put it in the bottom because we already have some progress there.
*41:02*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: If we have some time to work on
*41:09*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: These two coins that would be great.
*41:11*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: I have one or two people working on this, but if you could take over this, that would be ideal for me
*41:14*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Okay.
*41:24*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So this is um yeah uh just auto automating some of the parts of the of of that report, right?
*41:25*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And the next point is similar very similar, uh a dashboard um uh where we we have um
*41:33*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Highway runs and urban runs.
*41:45*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Okay.
*41:47*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Highway runs, we have a dashboard for it.
*41:48*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Urban runs, this is something that just got started last week.
*41:51*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We don't have a dashboard for it, so it's
*41:55*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Basically we're mimicking what we were doing for the highway dashboard.
*41:58*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: All the the source code
*42:04*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: uh and uh python scripts to generate that dashboard we already have that we're just mimicking that to do it for the urban runs
*42:06*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Okay.
*42:16*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um yeah, I see Kevin dropped a lot of uh new tools here.
*42:17*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh V C uh ticket script
*42:24*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh yeah, so uh again this is something um we already have the source uh
*42:28*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: uh code for it.
*42:40*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um basically create we we have some scripts that creates a uh vehicle kits right
*42:42*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We're doing that for uh highway runs and we would like to do that also for other uh runs, urban runs.
*42:51*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So this is something that we already also have some progress behind it.
*43:01*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We just need to again mimic that.
*43:06*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: and uh create a way to create uh uh sorry create a um uh a script or a tool to uh create that um
*43:09*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: These tickets um in a manual way if we want to.
*43:20*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: This is all automated and we wanna have
*43:25*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: uh uh C L R interface that in case uh an engineer wants to create that uh ticket
*43:28*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Right?
*43:36*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: He doesn't have to wait for the automated uh job.
*43:37*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: He can do that from a CLI prompt or something like that.
*43:41*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Okay.
*43:45*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And last one, I think also similarly we have some progress.
*43:47*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: This is basically if I
*43:51*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Give you two uh releases, you'll be able to generate uh a summary of the change log between those two releases, two shots or two releases.
*43:54*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um
*44:04*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: You basically give us the delta of the commits and a summary report between those two uh releases or do those two shots
*44:06*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um I know that I dropped a lot of information you guys.
*44:15*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um so we'll have to take it step by step.
*44:20*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: But again, I know if we achieve all of those tools, that would be uh ideal.
*44:24*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh that's why we have priorities.
*44:32*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Our more our highest priority is our bicec tool.
*44:36*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: This is gonna be very challenging, so I think we can start with this one and progress
*44:42*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: uh you know uh two the other uh points together.
*44:48*

**Gus Schissler**: That does bring up a question I've been thinking about as we've been running through the different
*44:52*

**Gus Schissler**: potential tools.
*44:57*

**Gus Schissler**: Like I know you listed out rough priorities.
*44:58*

**Gus Schissler**: Are the priorities based off of like kind of that that difference between the amount of effort that each one might take plus the value that it would generate if it
*45:02*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: It's completely um value based for our yeah, for our uh
*45:16*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: our day-to-day activities.
*45:24*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Let's say first point I'm sorry I had to stop sharing so so I can see all of you guys.
*45:26*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Our highest priority is the most painful point for us.
*45:33*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Let's put it that way.
*45:37*

**Gus Schissler**: Yes.
*45:39*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Maybe if you want to discuss some of the logistics and uh the admin side.
*45:44*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So
*45:49*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: On Monday uh um um you should have uh uh your uh laptops
*45:50*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: We have uh booked one of our meeting rooms uh for the entire week.
*45:58*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: I'm sorry, till Thursday
*46:04*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So we have from Monday to Thursday we have booked that room uh to get you on boarded.
*46:06*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um I'm expecting the first couple of days are
*46:12*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Just getting access, right?
*46:16*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Like talking to IT, talking to me, talking to Brian's team to get access from one uh repo to the other and to get access to all the tools
*46:18*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um there is there is a lot of um uh let's say checkpoints here.
*46:30*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: I want to make sure that you got all the access rights that you need.
*46:36*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So I'm expecting at least the first couple of days you're you're doing that
*46:39*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: uh laptops we i think we received the laptops i'll i'll double check um we should have received it on tuesday but i'll i'll i'll double check with it that all of your laptops are are here
*46:44*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um we will have uh let me see, give me one second.
*46:57*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um
*47:05*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Becky, Becky uh Ro.
*47:07*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: I think she's gonna be our um
*47:11*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: supporting uh person on uh and uh on from the admin team on
*47:16*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And Arbor, so if anything related to your access or badge, you can ask me or ask Becky.
*47:24*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: I'll send you an email with the details.
*47:31*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh she she's gonna be on site from Monday.
*47:35*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um see I'm just checking our uh discussion here.
*47:39*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um
*47:44*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: What else?
*47:47*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh yeah, I think we should be good on the laptops.
*47:51*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh
*47:55*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Yep.
*48:00*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um tomorrow I'll send you some uh emails for your accounts.
*48:02*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: I'm expecting to receive it
*48:09*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Oh, I got it today.
*48:11*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: So I'll send it today, end of the day, and or tomorrow maximum.
*48:13*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: This is kind of like your uh access uh emails and also for your lunch
*48:17*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Right, so you can uh have lunch at our uh premises.
*48:25*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Okay.
*48:29*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um yeah.
*48:30*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Any questions?
*48:32*

**Gus Schissler**: Yeah, I was gonna ask for that onboarding documentation
*48:34*

**Gus Schissler**: um for the onboarding part.
*48:37*

**Gus Schissler**: And will that cover like a a general overview of what we buy a Toyota, like the different work streams that you folks work on, and how you business
*48:40*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Um partially yes.
*48:55*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: All the steps that you need to get uh the access, right?
*49:02*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And some pointers to some important documents, but all the teams and groups that you'll be interacting with, um expecting
*49:06*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Okay, uh I'm expecting the answers through questions to me or to Kevin or to Julia.
*49:16*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Uh we don't have one centralized
*49:22*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: um let's say document that captures this but we have something very interesting called wovi wovi is our um
*49:26*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: uh AI uh agent that you can ask any questions and it will give you a good summary really any quite like even like acronyms right like all our best what is all our test
*49:35*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: it will give you a very good answer with some uh pointers to uh links that can you know like uh further elaborate on on on some history here oh the next
*49:49*

**Gus Schissler**: Makes sense.
*50:03*

**Julia Pralle**: Uh just one question.
*50:06*

**Julia Pralle**: Are you setting up the daily stand-ups next week?
*50:08*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Yeah.
*50:13*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: But I'm expecting maybe the daily stand-ups will it makes more sense to start on maybe Wednesday or something because I'm expecting the first days.
*50:13*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: They're just gonna be getting access from one tool to the other.
*50:24*

**Julia Pralle**: Yep, great.
*50:28*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Okay, uh any further questions?
*50:34*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: All the things that we went through, I'll tomorrow I'll start creating epics behind those
*50:40*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: And I'll break down them as much as I can.
*50:47*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: For sure there will be some discussions and we can break them down furthermore.
*50:53*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: But yeah, so bear with us.
*50:59*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: It's uh it's uh it's kind of like a short notice to do all of that in one week.
*51:01*

**Gus Schissler**: You're okay.
*51:06*

**Gus Schissler**: No worries.
*51:07*

**Gus Schissler**: Yeah, we're I mean we're expecting to start this off with some
*51:08*

**Gus Schissler**: discovery to begin with so that kind of fit it sounds like it fits with the stage with where you folks are at as it is.
*51:11*

**Gus Schissler**: So uh we'll be learning as as it sounds like you're learning too
*51:18*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Oh, yep, yep.
*51:23*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Okay.
*51:26*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Well, thank you all so much.
*51:27*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Enjoy the rest of your day.
*51:30*

**Gus Schissler**: Thank you.
*51:32*

**Gus Schissler**: Bye.
*51:34*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Likewise.
*51:35*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: See ya.
*51:36*

**Mohamed Amroussy**: Woo
*51:38*

**Gus Schissler**: That was a lot.
*51:39*

**Gus Schissler**: That was a lot.
*51:40*

**Gus Schissler**: Um I'm gonna ask Jonah.
*51:43*

**Gus Schissler**: Or maybe Sam, I'll ask Sam.
*51:49*

**Gus Schissler**: Um
*51:51*

**Gus Schissler**: It sounds like we are gonna be more of a blunted team than we were originally anticipating, which is fine.
*51:54*

**Gus Schissler**: Yeah.
*51:59*

**Gus Schissler**: Um because I think you and Casey are looking like it'll probably be
*52:00*

**Gus Schissler**: more full time I think.
*52:06*

**Gus Schissler**: Yeah.
*52:08*

**Gus Schissler**: Um and then Dan myself and Dylan are less than full time.
*52:08*

**Dan Maser**: So are we two are we one are we point five or do you know how to point five
*52:13*

**Gus Schissler**: Okay, let me bring it up.
*52:19*

**Dan Maser**: That's what that was my assumption, so but I don't know why I was basing that off of.
*52:20*

**Gus Schissler**: Yeah, we're having these.
*52:23*

**Gus Schissler**: Okay, great.
*52:25*

**Gus Schissler**: And you even get a question mark.
*52:25*

**Gus Schissler**: Interesting question.
*52:28*

**Gus Schissler**: No.
*52:30*

**Gus Schissler**: This is I don't it doesn't really matter.
*52:31*

**Gus Schissler**: I don't eventually we'll have a non-spreadsheet dashboard for everybody to see this stuff, but for right now that we look around
*52:34*

**Gus Schissler**: Yeah, I've been working on that.
*52:41*

**Gus Schissler**: Yeah.
*52:43*

**Gus Schissler**: This is the spreadsheet by.
*52:44*

**Gus Schissler**: But you know, you probably know this.
*52:46*

**Gus Schissler**: Uh but yeah, Havzies with some support from Dylan.
*52:49*

**Gus Schissler**: Great.
*52:53*

**Dan Maser**: Oh yes, because he's on the system side.
*52:53*

**Gus Schissler**: Yeah, or cannot just
*52:55*

**Gus Schissler**: this.
*52:57*

**Dan Maser**: Yeah.
*52:58*

**Dan Maser**: I t I slacked you this and then I realized that you were screen sharing and I was like, oh shit and then you had your dun do not disturb on the great thank you for writing in up.
*52:58*

**Dan Maser**: Oh yes, that too.
*53:06*

**Dan Maser**: Yeah that'll be fun.
*53:08*

**Dan Maser**: And that I'm out next week so hopefully I don't miss
*53:08*

**Gus Schissler**: everything.
*53:11*

**Gus Schissler**: No, it should be fine.
*53:11*

**Dan Maser**: Honestly the biggest thing is from his side is he if he has to coordinate shit.
*53:13*

**Dan Maser**: I don't w I just want to make sure I'm able to go to the building the next Monday so I'm not even more behind.
*53:17*

**Gus Schissler**: I assume he'll email us all as a group with our onboarding stuff.
*53:26*

**Gus Schissler**: Um either in today if he sends it sometime before the end of the day.
*53:31*

**Gus Schissler**: where tomorrow I'll like send back like okay here's what we can do next week because I've got other contract work to do and I can't be at the road enough
*53:36*

**Gus Schissler**: office Monday through Thursday.
*53:45*

**Gus Schissler**: Yeah.
*53:47*

**Gus Schissler**: And I assuming Rebecca, you probably don't want to be at the woman office every single day either.
*53:47*

**Gus Schissler**: Just by yourself, hold it down.
*53:52*

**Gus Schissler**: Just by yourself.
*53:53*

**Gus Schissler**: Unless case is there.
*53:54*

**Gus Schissler**: Um but also apparently we get free lunch.
*53:56*

**Gus Schissler**: Yeah that'd be so sweet.
*53:58*

**Dan Maser**: Um I wish so I I told Gus this, I don't know, you probably already know more than me.
*54:00*

**Dan Maser**: Um I will say there's probably some similarities, but like when I was working on Blue Cruise, which is like Ford's thing, just like the whole mental model of like how they do like
*54:05*

**Dan Maser**: all the different dev groups for all the different divisions and then how they then send that to the cars and then how the cars are run testing and then they send that to triage and like that full thing
*54:15*

**Dan Maser**: It was brand new to me because I was like, it's just such a different ecosystem.
*54:25*

**Dan Maser**: We're gonna learn so much more so quickly, but like even that whole mental modeling was super
*54:31*

**Dan Maser**: helpful so I don't know how outdated it is.
*54:36*

**Gus Schissler**: It might be worth it so and that's what I was asking about when I asked if you're like do you have just a document that says what you want
*54:39*

**Gus Schissler**: But if they're asking us for a bunch of help on their documentation, they probably don't.
*54:48*

**Gus Schissler**: And they don't.
*54:53*

**Gus Schissler**: No, they do have an an AI.
*54:54*

**Gus Schissler**: Yeah.
*54:57*

**Gus Schissler**: Which is great when you don't know which questions to ask.
*54:57*

**Gus Schissler**: Let me so it might be useful to just do like a rundown.
*55:01*

**Gus Schissler**: We can record it to right.
*55:06*

**Gus Schissler**: God damn it, what is what happened to that schedule?
*55:08*

**Dan Maser**: I was thinking it was a similar thing where it's like even with that they started running into the details and I'm like, okay, just biggest picture though, like what the fuck
*55:11*

**Dan Maser**: is this structure of like because it's just such a unique environment where you like you have to have cars testing things.
*55:17*

**Dan Maser**: Oh, yeah.
*55:26*

**Dan Maser**: Just sorry, this is a side note, but I know with my schedule, like I have a lot you were in JSON.
*55:28*

**Gus Schissler**: I'm gonna do a Dan G
*55:36*

**Gus Schissler**: Yeah.
*55:42*

**Dan Maser**: And I don't like a lot of this might be
*55:43*

**Dan Maser**: I don't know about outdated, but it's not outdated, but just like the whole even just having like the fact that they have a triage person.
*55:47*

**Dan Maser**: I was like, okay, I know what that is.
*55:54*

**Dan Maser**: the fact that they have different engineering group, like it seems pretty similar.
*55:56*

**Dan Maser**: And Justin's from Blue Crew, so I wonder how much
*56:00*

**Dan Maser**: Just having that background might be helpful.
*56:07*

**Dan Maser**: And then we can find out how different it is later.
*56:10*

**Gus Schissler**: Some I don't know why I'm scheduling this meeting.
*56:13*

**Dan Maser**: Oh, you're fine.
*56:16*

**Dan Maser**: to share to maybe help with like mental model might be too high in a word but just like just a reference of like how they work together or how they worked together there
*56:18*

**Dan Maser**: And then we'll see how Toyota might be different.
*56:30*

**Gus Schissler**: Okay.
*56:36*

**Gus Schissler**: Well, who knows?
*56:38*

**Gus Schissler**: But also we can do kickoff part two.
*56:39*

**Gus Schissler**: Yeah, why not?
*56:42*

**Dan Maser**: You recorded that too, right?
*56:42*

**Gus Schissler**: I believe so.
*56:44*

**Dan Maser**: I definitely just zoned out for chunks of it.
*56:45*

